README.md, before:

# JavaScript Password Generator

## User Story

As an employee with access to sensitive data
I want to randomly generate a password that meets certain criteria
So that I can create a strong password that provides greater security

## Acceptance Criteria

GIVEN I need a new, secure password
WHEN I click the button to generate a password
THEN I am presented with a series of prompts for password criteria
WHEN prompted for password criteria
THEN I select which criteria to include in the password
WHEN prompted for the length of the password
THEN I choose a length of at least 8 characters and no more than 128 characters
WHEN asked for character types to include in the password
THEN I confirm whether or not to include lowercase, uppercase, numeric, and/or special characters
WHEN I answer each prompt
THEN my input should be validated and at least one character type should be selected
WHEN all prompts are answered
THEN a password is generated that matches the selected criteria
WHEN the password is generated
THEN the password is either displayed in an alert or written to the page

## Description


## Screenshot 

![Alt text]()

# Link to Deployed Site

Commit message:

added screenshot of deployed site, link to deployed site and description of assignment

README.md, after:

# JavaScript Password Generator

## User Story

As an employee with access to sensitive data
I want to randomly generate a password that meets certain criteria
So that I can create a strong password that provides greater security

## Acceptance Criteria

GIVEN I need a new, secure password
WHEN I click the button to generate a password
THEN I am presented with a series of prompts for password criteria
WHEN prompted for password criteria
THEN I select which criteria to include in the password
WHEN prompted for the length of the password
THEN I choose a length of at least 8 characters and no more than 128 characters
WHEN asked for character types to include in the password
THEN I confirm whether or not to include lowercase, uppercase, numeric, and/or special characters
WHEN I answer each prompt
THEN my input should be validated and at least one character type should be selected
WHEN all prompts are answered
THEN a password is generated that matches the selected criteria
WHEN the password is generated
THEN the password is either displayed in an alert or written to the page

## Description

In this assignment we are creating a password generator that creates passwords following certain criteria as follows: a length between 8 to 128 characters, lowercase, uppercase, numeric, and/or special characters.

## Screenshot 

![Alt text](./assets/Images/ChristinaJavaScript.jpg)

# Link to Deployed Site

https://christinaecb.github.io/JavaScript-Challenge/
